Sir you are back
Isn't this peaceful?
When did it come?
Husband, didn't you go on a business trip to see a patient?
Why are you back so early?
Forget it.
As soon as I go out?
Pull the information
Look at my head.
Old Enron
You don't seem to have changed at all.
Still so pretty
Wife
Enron, why didn't you tell me?
You see it's so hasty
The family is not prepared at all
Xiao Nian
Hurry up and cut some fresh fruit for the two ladies
Hey
Wait a minute.
Mr. Chu
I said your nanny shelf is big enough
I don't know, I thought he was the mistress of the house
Oh.
And this kind of thing
Wei Xiaonian hurry up
Apologize to Miss Aran
Yes
Miss Aran is my fault.
Sorry.
husband
I miss my sister three times and four times and don't let Anran see me
Did you know that?
Well, he's not entirely to blame.
What about the wife before?
Haven't you been in good health all the time?
So let them claim it.
Said you went abroad to recuperate
Mainly not to worry parents
Chu Minghua didn't expect your thoughts to be so true
It should have been planned in advance
Is that so?
I misunderstood you
You see
Your little face is sick and thin
Hey, okay, okay
Stop showing your affection in front of me
Oh, by the way, little nanny
What's the matter with you being so anxious just now?